chore: add changelog doc (#37)
bnb-chain/op-geth: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.2.2

> This is the v0.2.2 release for opBNB Mainnet and Testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a minor release for opBNB Mainnet and Testnet.
```

> It primarily optimizes op-geth and introduces an option to re-announce remote transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It primarily optimizes op-geth and introduces an option to re-announce remote transactions.
Upgrading is optional.
```
